<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	template="/WEB-INF/templates/tnc.xhtml">
	
<ui:param name="pageTitle" value="Terms and Conditions"/>	

<ui:define name="content">
	<div class="redTitle">
		Terms &#38; Condition
	</div>
	<div class="marginT20">
		<ul class="tncOl">
			<li>Employees of the Shell Group of companies, Cold Storage Group of companies, United Overseas Bank Limited (UOB) and Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) Group of companies, their families, agencies, advisors, franchisees, suppliers and any persons assisting or who are involved in the promotion are not eligible to participate in this promotion.</li>
			<li>
				From 1 September to 30 November 2011, both date inclusive, with S$50.00 minimum purchase of Shell V-Power, Shell FuelSave 98 or 95 or Shell Diesel (before any applicable station, card discount or rebate) in a single receipt at any Shell stations in Singapore, customers will be eligible to one or more chances to Win a Holiday with Shell and UOB ("Win a Holiday").<br/><br/>
				The allocation of lucky draw chances shall be as follows:<br/><br/>
				<ul>
					<li>Two (2) chances with S$50.00 minimum purchase of Shell V-Power, Shell FuelSave  98 or 95 or Shell Diesel where payment is made with a UOB credit or debit card; or</li>
					<li>One (1) chance with S$50.00 minimum purchase of Shell V-Power, Shell FuelSave  98 or 95 or Shell Diesel for any other modes of payment other than payment made with a UOB credit card.</li>
				</ul>
			</li>
			<li>
				To participate in the lucky draw, visit <a href="http://www.shell.com.sg/winaholiday">www.shell.com.sg/winaholiday</a> to submit your entries online or SMS the following to 79777: Type &#60;S&#62; space &#60;NRIC/Passport&#62; space  &#60;Receipt Number i.e., Sale X-YYYYYY&#62; space &#60;Shell Station Number&#62; space &#60;UOB Y for payment made with UOB credit card or N for all other modes of payment, excluding payment made by a UOB credit card&#62;<br/><br/>
				<ul>
					<li>SMS Example 1: S S1234567A 1-123456 50 Y</li>
					<li>SMS Example 2: S S1234567A 1-123456 50 N</li>
				</ul>
			</li>
			<li>Participants shall be charged S$0.20 for each SMS entry. Each participant is entitled to one online or one SMS submission per purchase in a single receipt, subject to the S$50.00 minimum purchase requirement. The number of lucky draw chances that a customer is entitled to, will be generated by an automated computerised system based on the mode of payment as submitted by participants in accordance with these terms and conditions.</li>
			<li>Only customers who complete the official online entry form correctly or SMS the correct entry format shall be eligible. Customers who submit incomplete, invalid entries, entries in the incorrect format or customers who fail to provide true and accurate information will be not be eligible to participate in the lucky draw and will automatically be disqualified. Notwithstanding the successful submission or receipt of entries or any participant's eligibility in this promotion, Shell and UOB shall have the sole discretion to determine whether any participant should be disqualified by reason of failure to abide by these terms and conditions, bad faith, fraud or any other legitimate reason. Shell and UOB will verify the mode of payment (whether a UOB Credit Card was used to make payment or otherwise) and the lucky draw requirements based on the original Shell fuels receipt submitted by the customer. The original Shell receipts will be retained by Shell during prize presentation.</li>
			<li>There will be one (1) Weekly Prize winner every week and one (1) Grand Prize winner at the end of the promotion. Qualifying period for the Grand Prize is from 1 September to 30 November 2011, both dates inclusive.</li>
			<li>
				All entries must be submitted and received by 2359 hours Singapore time (GMT +8) within the weekly draw periods listed in the table below to be eligible for that week's draw. Entries are only valid for the week the fuel purchase is made and do not accumulate to other weekly draws, except for the Grand Prize. Any entry received after the respective promotion period will not be considered.<br/>
				<br/>
				<table>
					<tr>
						<th colspan="2">Weekly Draw Periods</th>
						<th>Closing Date for Week's entries</th>
						<th>Draw Date</th>
						<th>Weekly Prizes</th>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 1</td>
						<td>1-11 Sept</td>
						<td>2359hr, 11 Sept</td>
						<td>12 Sept</td>
						<td rowspan="4">Round Trip for 2 to Korea</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 2</td>
						<td>12-18 Sept</td>
						<td>2359hr, 18 Sept</td>
						<td>19 Sept</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 3</td>
						<td>19-25 Sept</td>
						<td>2359hr, 25 Sept</td>
						<td>26 Sept</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 4</td>
						<td>26 Sept - 2 Oct</td>
						<td>2359hr, 2 Oct</td>
						<td>3 Oct</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 5</td>
						<td>3-9 Oct</td>
						<td>2359hr, 9 Oct</td>
						<td>10 Oct</td>
						<td rowspan="4">Round Trip for 2 to Australia</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 6</td>
						<td>10-16 Oct</td>
						<td>2359hr, 16 Oct</td>
						<td>17 Oct</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 7</td>
						<td>17-23 Oct</td>
						<td>2359hr, 23 Oct</td>
						<td>24 Oct</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 8</td>
						<td>24-30 Oct</td>
						<td>2359hr, 30 Oct</td>
						<td>31 Oct</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 9</td>
						<td>31 Oct - 6 Nov</td>
						<td>2359hr, 6 Nov</td>
						<td>7 Nov</td>
						<td rowspan="4">Round Trip for 2 to Europe </td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 10</td>
						<td>7-13 Nov</td>
						<td>2359hr, 13 Nov</td>
						<td>14 Nov</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 11</td>
						<td>14-20 Nov</td>
						<td>2359hr, 20 Nov</td>
						<td>21 Nov</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Week 12</td>
						<td>21-30 Nov</td>
						<td>2359hr, 30 Nov</td>
						<td>2 Dec </td>
					</tr>
						<tr>
						<td>Grand Prize</td>
						<td>1 Sept - 30 Nov</td>
						<td>2359hr, 30 Nov</td>
						<td>2 Dec</td>
						<td>Round Trip for 2 to USA</td>
					</tr>
				</table>
			</li>
			<li>The draw will be conducted from 12 September to 2 December 2011 at 1100hours Singapore time (GMT +8) at SPH at 1100 Toa Payoh North, News Centre, Singapore 318994. One (1) eligible winner will be selected via a random drawing by means of a computerized system.</li>
			<li>The selected participants will be notified via mobile phone within three (3) working days from the date of the draw (from Mondays to Fridays excluding Public Holidays). For the selected participants to be confirmed as winners, they are required to fax or email to SPH a copy of their original Shell fuels receipt as proof of purchase, a copy of their NRIC or passport as proof of identity within the same day the customer receives the mobile phone notification. There will be three (3) attempts to contact the selected participants between 1030 hours and 1600 hours Singapore time (GMT +8). If the selected participants are not contactable during the stipulated date and time above (for any reason whatsoever) or if contacted, fails to produce the required documentation within one day after the selected participant is contacted, such participant will be automatically disqualified from the promotion.</li>
			<li>The Prize winners will also be notified via email address provided by the participant when he or she is confirmed as a winner via telephone. The results of the Win a Holiday draws shall will be published on <a href="http://www.shell.com.sg/winaholiday">www.shell.com.sg/winaholiday</a> by 13 December 2011.</li>
			<li>By participating in this promotion, you agree to the public disclosure of your name, mobile phone, mailing address and NRIC or passport number and such other information that may indicate his/her account with UOB to Shell, UOB and at SPH or to any party for the purpose of organising, promoting and/or conducting the draw and consent to receiving promotional, marketing and other publicity information from Shell from time to time. If a participant does not wish to receive such information, the participant may inform Shell by calling 1800-261 5322 from Monday to Friday between 8.30am and 6.00pm.</li>
			<li>Shell is not responsible for procuring or arranging for any visa or travel approvals to be obtained for any individual and winners are personally responsible for complying with the travel/entry requirements imposed by each country that may apply to them.</li>
			<li>Prize winners must be of the minimum age of 25 years old and have a minimum of 2 years driving experience (i.e. driving license must be issued at least 2 years prior to holiday) in order to embark on the self-drive holiday. In the event the winners do not meet the above criteria, Shell reserves the right to replace the prize with an alternative non self-drive holiday of similar value.</li>
			<li>Shell and UOB's decisions on all matters relating to this promotion are final, conclusive and binding. Shell and UOB shall not be obliged to give any reason or enter into and no correspondence will be entertained.</li>
			<li>Prizes won are not transferable, non interchangeable, and cannot be exchanged for cash, partially or wholly, or for any other goods/services.</li>
			<li>Shell shall not be liable for any loss or injury or damage whatsoever to any person in connection with this promotion and draw howsoever arising, including fulfillment of the prize, any error in computing chances, any breakdown or malfunction in any computer system or equipment, any notice which is misdirected or lost in the post.</li>
			<li>Shell and UOB assume no liability or responsibility for the acts or defaults of the merchant or defects in the Prizes offered in this promotion. Shell and UOB are no agents of the merchant. Any dispute about the quality or service standard of the Prizes must be resolved directly with the merchant. The merchant may impose conditions for the redemption or use of the Prizes. Shell and UOB will not be responsible for any injury, loss or damage suffered as a result of the redemption of or usage of the Prizes. Shell and UOB shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any claims, losses, damage, costs or expenses in connection with or arising from this promotion. The Prizes are subject to its respective terms and conditions.</li>
			<li>Winners must claim their prize at the place as notified by Shell within two (2) months of the date of written notification unless otherwise stated, failing which the prize will be forfeited without liability to Shell. Winners must produce the original notification letter, original receipts, NRIC or passport, as proof of purchase in order to claim the prize.</li>
			<li>All prizes which are not won or remain unclaimed after two (2) months of the written notification of the winners, or the equivalent value shall, unless the Minister directs otherwise, be donated to the Community Chest or to such other charity as may be approved by the Minister.</li>
			<li>Shell and UOB reserves the right to change the prize at its discretion without prior notice or liability to you. In particular, Shell reserves the right to withdraw or substitute the prize(s) with other item(s) of similar value without prior notice or assigning any reason. Shell is not responsible for, nor does it guarantee the quality of, any products or services for which the winning lucky draws are exchanged, nor is it liable for any defect or deficiency in any such products or services.  All decisions made by Shell and UOB in respect of this promotion or in the event of any dispute are final.</li>
			<li>Notwithstanding anything in these Terms and Conditions, Shell and UOB and the participating merchant reserve the right at any time in its absolute discretion to determine and/or amend/vary these Terms and Conditions without prior notice to you.</li>
			<li>In the event of any inconsistency between these terms and conditions and any advertising, promotional, publicity and other materials relating to or in connection with this promotion, these Terms and Conditions shall prevail.</li>
			<li>A person who is not a party to any agreement governed by these Terms and Conditions shall have no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B) to enforce any terms of such agreement.</li>
			<li>These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Singapore, and all the participants in the lucky draw shall be deemed to have agreed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore Courts.</li>
			<li>By participating in this promotion and draw, the participant agrees to be bound by these terms and conditions, the official rules, regulations and decisions of Shell and UOB.</li>
		</ul>
	</div>
</ui:define>

</ui:composition>